# St Hospitals 

Mark: (Chipsticks or Frazzles? Chipsticks or Frazzles? Chipsticks or Frazzles?)

Jeremy: Shall I go on?

Mark: God, it's like a Stasi torture block.

Jeremy: The fetal head then passes below the pubic arch. At this point, the woman may feel a burning or stinging sensation.

Mark: The phrase, no shit Sherlock comes to mind.

Jeremy: How much more do you want? What's an episiotomy?

Mark: You don't want to know mate.

Jeremy: Why?

Mark: Well, you know, between your bum and your genitals, that area?

Jeremy: It's one of my favorite areas.

Mark: Yeah, well, imagine someone snipping it with scissors.

Jeremy: Oh my fucking life.

Mark: Yeah, either that or you can have it pull apart like wet tissue paper. Sophie's mum. Hello?

Jeremy: (So glad I'm not a woman. Worst thing that can happen to me is getting sent to war. Even then, I can find a cave and eat blackberries and tug myself off till it's over.)

Mark: She's in Northumberland. They're on their way, but it could be five or six hours. Shit, I can't be the birth partner.

Jeremy: (Hold on, I see where this is going. I ain't no birth partner.) Dude, you are gonna be a great birth partner.

Mark: The truth is, and I really wish it wasn't true, but I'm a pedophobe, to be honest.

Jeremy: Oh, right. (Oh my life.) I mean, I suppose I always wondered whether--

Mark: I've always felt really weird around children, you know?

Jeremy: Right, yeah. (Act supportive or punch his lights out?) And are you gonna get help for--

Mark: I don't know, I mean what sort of help can you get for an irrational fear of children?

Jeremy: Pedophobe, oh right.

Mark: What did you think I meant? Oh, my God, Jeremy!

Jeremy: It's just pedo, phobe. I mean, they're both bad. I thought you were saying you were a mega-pedo.

Mark: You thought I was saying I was a mega-pedo? And your reaction was that you'd always wondered?

Jeremy: I was grappling, I was grasping.

Yana: Mark Corrigan?

Mark: I'm just going back in, I was only looking at the crisps and I got distracted. I've been three minutes max, honestly.

Yana: You are allowed out.

Mark: (You're nice, I wish I was having a baby with you.)

Yana: We'll be in to see Sophie shortly and if things haven't progressed, we can always give her a cervical sweep, okay?

Mark: The cervical sweep.

Jeremy: Chim chim cher-ee.

Mark: So listen, I've spoken to your mum and she's on her way.

Sophie: Oh, thank God.

Mark: But hold your horses just one sec, because they are actually on their way from Northumberland, so until she gets here, I am very much your man.

Sophie: Fucking hell.

Mark: Oh... (What do I say? Can't sit back and watch, eating popcorn. Can't alleviate.) Ow, poor Soph, does it hurt?

Sophie: Yes, it fucking hurts!

Mark: Might be your mum. Hello? Oh, what, the boiler, you're kidding! But, it's just, no, sorry, thank you. I'll get it sorted. Wasn't your mum, it was just, a tiny thing, my boiler, it's nothing. It's cool, it's nothing, minor explosion. Forget it, I'm focused, okay, baby. Apparently, there's water leaking downstairs, so irrelevant.

Sophie: Can you fetch the TENS machine, Mark, it's really starting to.

Mark: Right, okay, the TENS machine. (While my flat fills with water, what you need is an almost imperceptibly low dose of battery-powered pain relief.)

Sophie: Can you try and relax, Mark?

Mark: Sure, understood, I won't get anxious.

Sophie: Oh, it's rubbish.

Mark: (Placid lake of water, placid lake of water filling up my flat from the gushing broken boiler.)

Sophie: Has the nurse said anything about the pool yet?

Mark: Oh, what, water birth, isn't that a bit, zany?

Sophie: I really feel I'll be much happier in the pool!

Mark: Okay then, I'm on it, Soph, I'm on it for you.

Sophie: And remember to ask for one of those nets for poo and bits, Mark.

Mark: Will do.

Jeremy: (God, how did he get so old? I'll never let myself get so old. I mean, you have to get old up to a point, but that's ridiculous. Still nothing from Elena. I'll never fool anyone as beautiful as Elena into loving me again. Maybe I should kill myself. Gary Neville's conservatory is nice. Hello, put that suicide bid on hold. Okay, a book, egghead alert.) So, The Famished Road, is that a sequel?

Zahra: I'm sorry?

Jeremy: To the one that was a film about the end of the world, The Road? 'Cause they were hungry enough in that.

Zahra: Good one.

Jeremy: Didn't even know it was a one.

Zahra: I'm Zara.

Jeremy: Jeremy. So, what are you in for? You don't have to tell me if it's disgusting.

Zahra: My boyfriend's in intensive care.

Jeremy: (Boyfriend.) Oh.

Zahra: Yeah, he's in a bad way, unconscious. They don't know when he's going to come round.

Jeremy: That's terrible. (Terri-brill.)

Mark: (Okay, birthing pool, don't believe in it but I have to sell it. I'm Clare Short, backing Iraq, Trinny and Susannah endorsing Nescafe.) Hi, hello, I wondered what happened to the nurse from before?

Nurse: Which nurse?

Mark: The one who was, (nice), here.

Nurse: Yana's finished her shift.

Mark: Ah, oh, okay. Well, we discussed the possibility, earlier of using a pool.

Nurse: Well, I don't have a note of that.

Mark: (Great, Yana's a flake. The lovely nurse who doesn't write anything down. She probably only works here to get her hands on ludes.)

Nurse: And both birthing pools are all either occupied or--

Mark: Look, I need a pool, okay? We want a natural birth. God knows some people aren't convinced of the benefits of a water birth, but I for one am not one of them. So, please could you sort that out?

Nurse: I'll see what I can do. Very well. Good day. (Good day? God, I'm so stern. Maybe I'll end up marrying her instead and we'll have brisk, clinical sex.)

Jeremy: How's it going, dude?

Mark: I estimate we're looking at a five centimeter cervix, plus the boiler's exploded.

Jeremy: (Hey, that's Zara's.)

Mark: Who was that good plumber, Sophie's nice guy?

Jeremy: Look, you're stressing it. How about I sort it?

Mark: Really?

Jeremy: Really?

Mark: Thanks, man.

Jeremy: (He's so lucky I'm the kind of guy who would never spike a coffee with Rohypnol. Too many practical risks before we even get into the moral considerations.)

Mark: Okay, pretty tough but I managed it. I said, listen, you do things our way. My birth partner has requested this and I don't care if I have to take it to the very top of the GMC, got it?

Sophie: Mark, I can't do this.

Mark: Okay. Is that better, or is that better?

Sophie: I don't care!

Mark: Or is that better?

Sophie: Oh, I want it to stop, it's all too much.

Mark: Soph, it's okay, we'll get you in the pool, I'm gonna sort it.

Sophie: I don't want a pool, I need pain relief, Mark!

Mark: Oh, you don't want the pool?

Sophie: No, I want an epidural or someone to smack me on the head or, fuck!

Mark: It's just I did ask very firmly for the pool. If I go back now, I'll look--

Sophie: You'll look what?

Mark: It's just, it'll weaken my negotiating position. No, Soph, yep, I'm on it, just a tiny query. Can you remember, not at your last place, but the place before, the name of that nice plumber? Was it Tom or Tim? No biggy, but if it jumps into your head, can you just pop the number down there, would you?

Jeremy: (Wow, private room, this guy's lucked out.)

Zahra: Hi, Ben, I'm back.

Jeremy: Hi, Ben.

Zahra: I thought this might inspire him, you know, to write a novel, now he's unconscious.

Jeremy: Mm-hm, right. You know, it's funny, just looking at him, I could tell we'd get on. He looks like a laugh, a right laugh. I sort of want to shake his hand. Would that be all right?

Zahra: Oh, go ahead.

Jeremy: Ben, sleepy Ben. (I want to steal your girlfriend, Ben I think I love your girlfriend.)

Zahra: Sleepy Ben, that's nice.

Jeremy: (I definitely don't hope he dies. Definitely not, that would be horrible, but he does look like he could do with a nice long relaxing coma.)

Nurse: Oh, it's you again.

Mark: Yes.

Nurse: Okay, well after a lot of hassle, I've actually managed to swap things around, and it looks like the birthing pool will be available, so--

Mark: Yes, well as it happens, things have changed and my partner no longer requires the pool. No, we want the what's it called, the drugs pipe, the heroin pump, the crack tube, whatever you've got. I want to stop her suffering.

Nurse: Wish I'd known this earlier.

Mark: (You might be ripe for a trim, in the cuts.)

Jeremy: So, before the accident, how long had you two been, hanging out?

Zahra: Three months.

Jeremy: Okay. And how was it going, were you two very?

Zahra: Oh, he's very committed to his work and he did the Iron Man triathlon, twice.

Jeremy: Wow, so out of those three months, you can knock off at least two weeks for training.

Zahra: He loves his dance music, and drugs and video games.

Jeremy: God, really?

Zahra: Where as I love to read.

Jeremy: Oh, me too. I adore to read, it's amazing, isn't it? Because a book, I always say, can be about anything.

Zahra: That's so true. Yeah, I often read to Ben, but he's more of a magazine. FHM, kind of guy.

Jeremy: Right, yeah.

Zahra: Oh, shit, I'd better get this. Would you like to?

Jeremy: Oh, sure. This month's hot tip.

Zahra: Hello?

Jeremy: The premier Wrangler collection. When has good denim ever been cheap? The answer is never. Look, dude, bit of a weird one, but if you aren't gonna make it through, I mean if you can't, then don't worry, because Zara's great. And, I'll be waiting, and if you check out, in a friendly way, not like a vulture, to check in. And don't worry, I'm not gonna start waggling on any of your tubes, but, and if you have a problem with anything I've just said then, do give me a sign. No, okay. I'm in a swimming pool and my bikini pops off. I'm not bothered, I'll just carry on, and that's a comment from Kayleigh Islip. You see a picture of Kayleigh there, and her nice bum.

Mark: Jez?

Jeremy: Oh, hi, Mark.

Mark: What are you doing?

Jeremy: I'm reading FHM to this unconscious guy.

Mark: But why?

Jeremy: Because I have a heart.

Mark: Yeah?

Zahra: Work's crazy, thanks so much.

Mark: Oh, okay.

Jeremy: What?

Mark: Nothing.

Jeremy: What?

Mark: Nothing.

Jeremy: No, go on, what?

Mark: No, it's fine.

Jeremy: What are you saying?

Mark: Nothing.

Jeremy: Look, there's no need to be all cynical, just because--

Mark: Jeremy, it's fine. I'm actually quite glad it's all a filthy duplicitous ploy. I was worried you had a personality change.

Jeremy: Oh, just because I'm doing something decent, there has to be some weird thing going on?

Mark: Yes, normally, yes.

Zahra: Thanks, Jez.

Mark: I should be getting back to Sophie. Jez, would you consider coming with me? I don't think I'm coping all that well.

Jeremy: Yeah, cool man.

Mark: You don't mind?

Jeremy: No, kind of always wanted to see a birth. Be kind of like Alien but sexy, sexy Alien.

Mark: Hey, Soph, it's me, and Jez!

Sophie: When's the anesthetist coming, Mark, I need something?

Mark: Okay, look, I went crazy at them, I totally lost it actually, but the thing is that the anesthetist has this C-section now, and then there's another procedure that he's booked into--

Sophie: What?

Jeremy: Tell them to pull their fingers out, Mark.

Mark: Look, the anesthetist can't be in two places at once. I mean, I wish he could, but he can't. (How did I become the hospital spin doctor?)

Sophie: I want an epidural!

Midwife: Hello, hello, Sophie, how we doing? Hi, boys. Okay, darling, baby's doing fine. I just wanna see how you're doing, see how dilated you are, okay?

Mark: (Stuck on the medical channel and there's no remote control.)

Jeremy: Maybe some music?

Mark: Yes, yeah, maybe some music.

Sophie: Uh-huh.

Mark: (What a bastard. That's gonna drive us all totally bonkers.)

Midwife: Yeah, you're doing great, you're fully dilated. Your baby's coming, there's no time for an epidural.

Sophie: She put her whole hand in.

Mark: Blimey.

Sophie: I didn't think she'd put her whole hand in.

Mark: No, God.

Jeremy: Look, maybe I should go.

Mark: (Of course, brings the insufferable music, then goes. He's like the 1980s.) Hello, Hans? Oh, okay, I'll be right down. That was Super Hans. He's here, he wants money to fix the boiler.

Jeremy: Yeah, I called him earlier, boiler's sorted.

Mark: You called Super Hans about the boiler? Super Hans is our plumber?

Jeremy: No, not Hans, his mate, his mate's a plumber.

Mark: Oh, great, I wonder if he appears on the CORGI Gas Safe Register, or just the sex offenders? (That's right, pay Hans to do the plumbing, swap the cow for some magic beans.) Half a monkey, as requested. (Why am I dealing in animals? No animal-based transaction has ever gone well.)

Super Hans: It's for parts and that.

Mark: (I'll probably end up with half a Ford Escort and some porno tapes and we'll call it all square.) Is he the plumber?

Super Hans: Relax, Mark, we can definitely do plumbing, it's not an issue. Trojan's very capable, after his sleep. Plumbing's just fucking Lego, innit, water Lego. So, how's it all going with Soph and the baby?

Mark: You know, for a while it's been pretty boring but I think we're getting to the utterly terrifying bit.

Super Hans: Take my advice, stay away from the goal end, mate.

Mark: Yeah?

Super Hans: Yeah. You don't wanna get thinking about that. It's like the Channel Tunnel. Lovely, it's all about your holidays, but imagine you saw a fucking huge baby come out of it. Never be the same again.

Mark: Right.

Super Hans: One other tip, trip.

Mark: What?

Super Hans: Trip your fucking nuts off, makes it amazing.

Mark: Isn't it pretty amazing anyway?

Super Hans: Dunno, yeah, maybe, but if you're tripping and you're having a baby, it's like, fuck! You know, you see a little guy come out of there, what's gonna happen next? Frogs out of her arsehole, milk out of her ears, anything's possible. Oi.

Trojan: What?

Super Hans: Let's drive.

Mark: (If those two fix my boiler, I think it will be more surprising than if Sophie gave birth to a working replica of Stephenson's Rocket.) Hi, Soph, back now, can I do anything?

Midwife: You're doing great, Sophie. You're doing good.

Mark: (Oh, God, the screaming, poor Sophie. I definitely couldn't give birth. I want to call Dignitas when I get lumber pain.)

Midwife: Now, don't push if you don't need to. Take a rest, Sophie. You're doing well.

Mark: (I can't just keep standing to attention like Captain Mark Phillips. Could march around the room like Nelson on his quarterdeck. I'm just a spare part.)

Midwife: Why don't you stop walking round like that and come over here?

Mark: (And the fun part is, everything I do is basically wrong. If I can just get hold of a hand, that might feel useful.)

Sophie: Oh, it's now, Mark, it's now!

Mark: Right, right, yes, I'm sure, but just don't use all your energy, 'cause you did say that eight hours ago, and it wasn't now, and I don't want to be a doubting Thomas, but--

Sophie: Bastard, bastard, fat bastard!

Mark: (Is that for me or just general bastarding?)

Sophie: Oh, fuck off, fuck off!

Mark: (If she keeps saying fuck off, I might fuck off. That's gotta be within your rights, to fuck off, if someone repeatedly screams at you to fuck off.) Can I, I just need to nip to the little boys' room. (Yeah, the little boys' room, for little boys.)

Jeremy: There we go, one for you and one for Ben.

Zahra: Thanks, Jez.

Jeremy: I'll have Ben's for him, shall I? Here's to you, Ben.

Zahra: I guess, I mean, the thing I think is, if he doesn't make it, God forbid, at least he lived to the max. The Iron Man, we think we were once in the same bar as Banksy.

Jeremy: Wow, yeah, I mean, there's a time for everything, isn't there. You know, there's a time for golf, a time for stew.

Zahra: Yeah.

Jeremy: (Come on, Guru Jez.) I mean, it's the whole circle of life, isn't it? I mean, if you believe in reincarnation, imagine if he went, at the exact same moment that my friend's baby was born. Ben's spirit, his essence, might live on, Bluetoothed into the baby.

Zahra: Yeah, I suppose I could accept that, in a way. It's just him dangling, you know?

Jeremy: We need to get you some answers. Is he going to pull through, you need to know. (I need to know. Right now, I'm a supporting character in a weepy, when I want to be the leading man in a porno.)

Mark: (Yeah, okay, off to the toilet, have a wee and then back in. I could walk quicker, but it's interesting to note that I'm not. I'm walking at what I would describe in court as a normal pace, but which I think is actually slightly slower than normal. There's the toilet. Why didn't I go in? Here I go into here. Okay, this is interesting, where am I going now?) (I think this is okay, this is something somebody might do in my situation. My wife was going into labor, and I decided to leave her ever so briefly, to grab something to eat to fortify me for the events ahead. Oh, right, that sounds wise, that you got a chicken bucket early on. Yes, I know.) Chicken bucket, please.

Fast Food Server: That's gonna take a few minutes, is that okay?

Mark: Yes, I can wait. (Eating from a bucket like a human horse. I feel refreshed and replenished and now back to the hospital. No need to run, and still got some beans and a sweetcorn for Sophie. Probably just what she fancies.) (Is this the worst thing I've ever done? It might be. You can't hide behind that pillar, I'm a sharpshooter. I bet she's okay, all the staff. I'm better off here, I'm safe here, with the gangsters in the killing zone. The abandoned subway station, my safe place, my good place.)

Video Arcade Guy: Looks like you're in trouble there, mate.

Mark: (Oddball alert, do not respond, do not engage. Oh, God, he's broken through my icy force field. Maybe he's having a baby, maybe everyone in here is having babies.)

Jeremy: This is difficult, but if he does make it through, will he still be, operating from below the waistal area?

Doctor: You mean--

Jeremy: Will he still be able to, communicate with his, communication rod, or will he no longer be able to lift the drawbridge, so to speak? I'm thinking about Zara's needs.

Doctor: Look, I can't speculate on that, but I'll be frank with you. We really need to see some movement in the next 24 hours from Ben if a full recovery is going to be on the cards.

Jeremy: Thank you, doctor. (I'm 24 hours from Tulsa.)

Zahra: Thanks, Jez.

Jeremy: (Finally, I'm in pole position. Ben checks out, I check in. I mean, I definitely, definitely hope he doesn't, but if he does, then--)

Zahra: What, Jeremy?

Jeremy: Nothing. (Don't tell her, don't raise her hopes. Could have been anything, phantom toe syndrome, methane build-up, disturbance in the force. Oh, bollocks.) Zara, I think Ben's trying to tell you something, with his foot.

Zahra: Oh, my God look, he's gonna be fine. Everything's gonna be fine, Jez!

Jeremy: That's brilliant, Zara! (Fucking great, the mummy returns. Finally find the woman of my dreams, and her boyfriend reanimates.)

Mark: Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you!

Jeremy: Nice.

Mark: Jez?

Video Arcade Guy: Who's the jerk?

Jeremy: Easy, buddy. I went to see Soph, why are you not in there?

Mark: Yeah, well, Sophie wanted me to grab five and play some Lethal Enforcers.

Jeremy: Really?

Mark: Yeah, she was all, grab five, Mark, you deserve it, I'll be fine.

Jeremy: She didn't mention that. The midwife didn't mention that.

Mark: Yeah, I know, that's because I'm lying.

Jeremy: Look, Mark, I get it, if this was happening to me, I'd be doing what you're doing a hundred times over. But you don't want to look back on today thinking when your baby was being born, you were taking out a ninja.

Video Arcade Guy: Yakuza.

Jeremy: You need to get back in there.

Mark: (He's right, thank God I didn't do bottle of whiskey and random easyJet. I can still pull this round.) Hi, oh, you're not. (That could so easily have been me, a useless gnome, fishing for turds.) Sorry, this should be my birth, where's--

Nurse: Sophie Chapman is in theater three.

Mark: Theater? (Theater, nothing good has ever happened in a theater. Oh, fuck!) Sophie, are you okay?

Sophie: Yeah, I am.

Mark: I'm so sorry I went, I just, I don't know what to say.

Sophie: Did you go, I've been pretty out of it? How long were you gone for?

Mark: Oh, how long, oh ages like, three or four minutes. (This is amazing, I could have finished the level, had an Angry Whopper and upgraded my phone tariff.)

Midwife: Everything slowed down and we wanted to get the baby out, so we decided to come for Cesarean section.

Mark: That's brilliant, I love the salad, now I'll try the birth. The Caesar, Caesarian salad, sorry, I'm gabbling. I'm just happy it's all okay.

Sophie: How's it looking down there?

Mark: Oh--

Midwife: You might not necessarily want to.

Mark: (Holy fuck, living innards, I thought now it'll be hi-tech, chip and pin, not London Dungeon.)

Sophie: Is it okay?

Mark: Yeah.

Sophie: Yeah?

Mark: All good, all great. (The screen's there for a reason. There's a reason they put Guantanamo on Cuba.)

Maternity Theatre Nurse: Now you might feel a bit of a tug, baby's coming out.

Sophie: Okay, oh, it's like someone's doing the washing up. Yeah, I can feel that.

Mark: (Yeah, I imagine so, because a human being is being heaved out of your body. Oh, my goodness.)

Maternity Theatre Nurse: Do you want to cut the cord?

Mark: (No, do you want to do some credit rating or work in a Mexican restaurant? Let's stick to our jobs!) Do people normally--

Maternity Theatre Nurse: Yep.

Sophie: Go on, Mark.

Mark: Oh, okay. (Great, bet I do it wrong and they laugh. Humiliated in front of my son within ten seconds of his birth.) Wow, it's sinewy. (God, I can't get any purchase. Thought it would be like Sarah Ferguson, cutting a ribbon, but it's much more meaty, like sawing a dog's leg in half. Oh, my God, there he is, I've got a baby. Maybe, maybe I might be a good person from now on. That might be a good idea. Yeah, lead a wholesome life and be a decent citizen and make the whole world okay, and yeah, this is a biggy, this is definitely a biggy. Maybe my son can sort climate change. He might figure out cold fusion! Not as one of the main guys, that's unrealistic, but in an administrative capacity.)

Jeremy: Oh, my God, you're a dad.

Mark: I know.

Jeremy: Wow. Listen, this probably doesn't matter right now, but Hans called.

Mark: Oh?

Jeremy: It's all sorted, new boilers up and running and there's minimal water damage. He sent a photo.

Mark: Minimal water damage?

Jeremy: Minimal water damage.

Midwife: Here you go, here's your son.

Mark: (Oh, my God.) My son. Minimal water damage.
